README.md, before:

# fork-cleaner

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/caarlos0/fork-cleaner.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/caarlos0/fork-cleaner/releases/latest)
[![Software License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE.md)
[![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/caarlos0/fork-cleaner.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/caarlos0/fork-cleaner)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/caarlos0/fork-cleaner?style=flat-square)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/caarlos0/fork-cleaner)
[![Godoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/caarlos0/fork-cleaner?status.svg&style=flat-square)](http://godoc.org/github.com/caarlos0/fork-cleaner)
[![Powered By: GoReleaser](https://img.shields.io/badge/powered%20by-goreleaser-green.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/goreleaser)

Cleans up old and inactive forks on your GitHub account.

You'll need to [create a personal access token](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new?scopes=repo,delete_repo&description=fork-cleaner) with `repo` and `delete_repo`
permissions.

Then, [download the latest release](https://github.com/caarlos0/fork-cleaner/releases)
and execute the binary as in:

```sh
./fork-cleaner --token "my github token"
```

Fork-Cleaner will show you all your forks, you can then check which you want
to delete or not on a TUI:

![Screen Recording](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/245435/104655305-4a843f80-569c-11eb-8cd5-7f55b8104375.gif)

## Install

**homebrew**:

```sh
brew install caarlos0/tap/fork-cleaner
```

**snap**:

```sh
snap install fork-cleaner
```

**apt**:

```sh
echo 'deb [trusted=yes] https://repo.caarlos0.dev/apt/ /' | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/caarlos0.list
sudo apt update
sudo apt install fork-cleaner
```

**yum**:

```sh
echo '[caarlos0]
name=caarlos0
baseurl=https://repo.caarlos0.dev/yum/
enabled=1
gpgcheck=0' | sudo tee /etc/yum.repos.d/caarlos0.repo
sudo yum install fork-cleaner
```

**deb/rpm/apk**:

Download the `.apk`, `.deb` or `.rpm` from the [releases page][releases] and install with the appropriate commands.

**manually**:

Download the pre-compiled binaries from the [releases page][releases] or clone the repo build from source.

[releases]: https://github.com/caarlos0/fork-cleaner/releases


## Stargazers over time

[![Stargazers over time](https://starchart.cc/caarlos0/fork-cleaner.svg)](https://starchart.cc/caarlos0/fork-cleaner)

Commit message:

Filter repo-fetch by forks
* Change getAllRepos to fetch users forks using search api, sort by created date
* Add some more detail to readme.
* Update packages
* Add rate limit check with "time remaining till reset" to rate-limit error.

README.md, after:

# fork-cleaner

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/caarlos0/fork-cleaner.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/caarlos0/fork-cleaner/releases/latest)
[![Software License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE.md)
[![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/caarlos0/fork-cleaner.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/caarlos0/fork-cleaner)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/caarlos0/fork-cleaner?style=flat-square)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/caarlos0/fork-cleaner)
[![Godoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/caarlos0/fork-cleaner?status.svg&style=flat-square)](http://godoc.org/github.com/caarlos0/fork-cleaner)
[![Powered By: GoReleaser](https://img.shields.io/badge/powered%20by-goreleaser-green.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/goreleaser)

Cleans up old and inactive forks on your GitHub account.

You'll need to [create a personal access token](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new?scopes=repo,delete_repo&description=fork-cleaner) with `repo` and `delete_repo`
permissions.

Then, [download the latest release](https://github.com/caarlos0/fork-cleaner/releases)
and execute the binary as in:

```sh
./fork-cleaner --token "my github token" -u "my github username"
```

Fork-Cleaner will load your forked repositories ordered by the oldest first.
This can take a little while as Fork-Cleaner will iterate over the page of forks and check the upstream repository status / any prs etc.

Fork-Cleaner will show you all your forks, you can then check which you want
to delete or not on a TUI:

![Screen Recording](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/245435/104655305-4a843f80-569c-11eb-8cd5-7f55b8104375.gif)

Setting `-skip-upstream=true` will skip checking each repositories upstream (useful if you have a lot of forks to avoid hitting the rate-limit).
This won't compare upstream commits, fetch upstream issues/prs, etc.

## Install

**homebrew**:

```sh
brew install caarlos0/tap/fork-cleaner
```

**snap**:

```sh
snap install fork-cleaner
```

**apt**:

```sh
echo 'deb [trusted=yes] https://repo.caarlos0.dev/apt/ /' | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/caarlos0.list
sudo apt update
sudo apt install fork-cleaner
```

**yum**:

```sh
echo '[caarlos0]
name=caarlos0
baseurl=https://repo.caarlos0.dev/yum/
enabled=1
gpgcheck=0' | sudo tee /etc/yum.repos.d/caarlos0.repo
sudo yum install fork-cleaner
```

**deb/rpm/apk**:

Download the `.apk`, `.deb` or `.rpm` from the [releases page][releases] and install with the appropriate commands.

**manually**:

Download the pre-compiled binaries from the [releases page][releases] or clone the repo build from source.

[releases]: https://github.com/caarlos0/fork-cleaner/releases

## Troubleshooting

* The loading takes a while - The app hits various endpoints in order to collect information on the upstream repository, this can take a while if you have a lot of forks.
* I've hit the rate limit - You can check your current limits by calling the api like so:

```sh
curl -L \
  -H "Accept: application/vnd.github+json" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer <YOUR-TOKEN>" \
  -H "X-GitHub-Api-Version: 2022-11-28" \
  https://api.github.com/rate_limit
```

## Stargazers over time

[![Stargazers over time](https://starchart.cc/caarlos0/fork-cleaner.svg)](https://starchart.cc/caarlos0/fork-cleaner)
